good day everybody this is developer
diary 3 and in this diary will be
talking about the evil fortress city of
melt I and the surrounding dead pigs
Malta is part of dungeon realms and game
content it used to be a thriving second
capital but after gog off summoned the
portal it was turned into glorified
ruins gog off then used the city as his
fortress and began his invasion of
Andalusia from the hidden valleys of the
Dead piece we first began the design by
creating the maze like mountain range
surrounding melt I you wanted to create
a difficult terrain for players to
traverse but also contain a wide variety
of rewards for those who take up the
challenge at the end of the dizzying
maze of mountain ranges caves mine
shafts and secret passageways you'll
reach the striking decrepit walls melt I
I'm stood one of the world developers of
dungeon realms I will be talking about
the walls and gates in multi these were
one of the more important parts of the
city that had to be done since really
boost the general aesthetic and
functionality of the city the spiky evil
Styles used to create a dark and evil
experience for the players and the way
mouse will walk around on it makes the
city walls an exciting place to explore
the departure of previous owners of the
city and the capture and seeds of the
armory of evil monsters costs parts of
the world to be collapsed as we designed
to gates in Malta I wanted to truly
reflect the evil inside of a city to
anyone who would look at it the enormous
case with their archers make the player
feel small and insignificant the housing
areas of multi was designed to reflect
the state of the state combination of
alleys and the grey environment makes it
so you easily lose track of where you
are the various housing areas also
reflects the state of the city before
the portal the common houses and the
dining area is nearest to the first gate
and the barracks that officer housing is
sooo right
further ease in this leading there are
scholar houses and the tablet and the
induced the library connecting it to the
scotlock district east state street have
distinctive features only building
practical impressive or representative
often inhabitants as a centerpiece of
evil in multi was important to us to the
portal flexible from that to create
around the portal and the blocks in the
air showcases the chaos surrounded deep
red material used in the portal itself
as chosen is very contrasted against the
great city and now live well with the
actual portal hello my name is checkered
one of the developers of dungeon realms
the palace of martha is one of the main
structures of multi since overlooks over
to rest of the city gives the player to
feel fear because if its enormous size
overhanging artists and extreme amount
of detail the building style of Martha
is also based the Prime Minister be one
of this medicine look evil like the rest
of the city but also give it a few of
importance this will cause all players
enter the city the field dominated by
destruction
once month I was complete we'll race the
mountains changed elevation of the
ground to create a feeling of walking in
the shadow of giants the transition
between grass stone and the snowy peaks
makes for a natural look that you may
find in the real world there isn't just
one pathway that players follow through
the mountains we've designed it so that
there are many ways to get from point A
to point B this is to create a more
varied PvP spectacle as we know that
this area we have PvP hotspot players
can take the easy and obvious way
through the main valleys but they will
be susceptible to ambushes and attacks
from the gates that closed off the roads
they can attempt to cross the difficult
mountain range from above but it is a
long and tortuous path that is swarming
with the evil denizens of deadbeats if
not they may attempt to traverse through
the old mine shafts ice caves hidden
tunnels and passageways that litter the
dead piece they may be a shorter more
hidden way through the mountains who
what dark and all evils lurking those
most in ancient halls the gates outside
in their peaks were made with the
science that existed in multi in mind
but we also shows two corvettes booze
food for the environment
when we set out a design the mining
tunnels we wanted to evoke confusion and
fright players the tunnels are far from
East navigate through a twist and turn
and have many dead ends with many parts
looking the same something that makes
going through second time a difficult
task as well the lighting was kept a low
level to create a field of uncertainty
in every turn that the mayor made we
touched up the whole area with some
simple yet effective additions making
sure the floor of the mansion was
vibrant and alive we added wild grass
and really well-designed pine across the
slaves of the bone to give the mansion
and feel when walking through the narrow
alleys of the dead pigs we also added
beautiful ice caves settlements in large
ruins specifically one their plays will
recognize such as the hollow burg which
serves as an entrance to a group dungeon
finally we also fixed the slopes of the
mountain so that there is a gradual
gradient between the stone and grass
flooring making the slope seem very
smooth and realistic
multi and the dead Peaks is one of the
final areas of the players will venture
it's torturous paths detailed city and
numerous Easter eggs will make it an
area players will constantly visit and
revisit it's designed to encompass
exciting and ever dynamic PvP are
creating an area that will continually
make killing through ranks of mobs
collect loot and exploring fresh and fun
we hope that you guys enjoyed this
developer diary and we look forward to
seeing players take the war to gaga